The story of Armenia
is a story of faith
—the faith
of courageous brothers and sisters
who endured mob violence,
protests, and threats
from those who do not know God;
the faith of young brothers
who were imprisoned
because they refused
to compromise their neutrality;
and the faith of lawyers
who defended them
when they were arrested.
In the early part of this period,
the work operated out of an office
in a local brother’s home.
Today, the story is much different.
On May 14, 2016,
our brothers in Armenia
were delighted to dedicate a group
of new facilities
to accommodate future growth
—a branch facility
(mainly located on six floors
of a local building),
a new Assembly Hall,
and also a school facility.
The dedication week
started off with a welcome night,
where many
traveled long distances to attend,
and some had not seen
each other for a long time.
Well, we’ve never been
to Armenia before,
and meeting the brothers
and sisters was such an experience.
They gave us a really warm welcome.
When I was 90,
I decided, “No more Armenia.”
And now I’m 96, and Jehovah said,
“You’re going to Armenia.”
What a blessing!
It was amazing to see so many brothers
and sisters from different countries,
and we enjoyed a very,
very nice time with them.
Thanks to Jehovah, we really enjoyed this.
But the spiritual gems
that we all enjoyed the most
were during the dedication program
held at the end of the week.
The program was filled
with reports and interviews
that touched our hearts,
and Brother Splane of the Governing Body
gave the dedication talk.
Is it your desire to dedicate
the branch facilities, the Assembly Hall,
and the school facility to Jehovah today?
We could never have imagined
such a thing happening five years ago.
From the time
that we arrived at the airport
and we saw
the brothers boldly holding up
the jw.org sign with their badges,
we were just so overwhelmed
—so moved.
And I could feel as if
I’m in the Paradise today
because we have so many guests
from different countries,
and I could see their happy faces.
For many years, to be in courts
—in legal battles for our brothers
as conscientious objectors
or to go to the court
for fighting a case
for just one Kingdom Hall—
and suddenly to have a branch
and Assembly Hall
and school facilities right away,
that’s for me kind of unbelievable.
Today is a great day
for Jehovah’s people in Armenia.
Truly, Jehovah has seen
the faithful obedience
of our brothers and sisters in Armenia.
We have witnessed Jehovah
‘open the floodgates of the heavens
‘and actually empty out a blessing
until there is no more want.’